

- life is so much easier when 
- microphone and a best friend

- How To Avoid Escaping Reality

The biggest consequence of today's modern economic reality. 

Is the complete lack of opportunity for young people these days. 

We're bored, because our jobs are easy and

Naturally this has had profound effects on the well-being 










- Feeling loved is 80% of the battle.

stigma
 
I'm far from perfect, and neither are you too.

Everyone has problems and everybody suffers, even if they claim not to.

I suppose what I find interesting is how people try to mask/hide their problems, or perhaps even justify them - as if it was part of the plan all along. 

I personally do it by being open and exposing myself, so that no one else can hurt me. 

Yet that's not to say that the prospect doesn't terrify me.

It's intentional. 

In most cases, admitting to these problems severely contradicts the image which we all compare each other to - the imaginary, upholding citizen society would like to think is true...

...otherwise to collapse into complete anarchy, at the realisation that no one is really better than we are, including all those in authority. 

Oh wait, another politician caught for child pornography? How quaint.  

But of course, as per society policy, we believe the shame of a admitting that we're wrong far outweights the shame of knowing that we're crumbling pieces of shit. 

I'm no different. 

The pre-text here is that in order to overcome addiction, you need to adopt a different mindset of who you are, so you can truly tackle the person within. 


That is, the addict who wants nothing more than to virtually masturbate all over your face, and rip your kidney's out for profit. 



---------------

Mental health strategy is an odd's game. 

There really is only one mental health strategy.

It's the one where you keep trying until you find something that works. 

I wouldn't quite say I'm free from mental illness, however I think I've done well. 

I would say I'm in-control most of the time, 

Often the hardest part is figuring out what you should be doing to promote your mental health.

Because you can be doing all the right things and be completely functional, only to go on a rediculous bender that seemed completely out of your hands. 


Mental health strategy is an odds game. - it’s about eliminating the number of things that trigger you, while doing more things that empower you. It’s a principle you must trust, because it works. The problem is that it works in the future, so there’s no feedback now. Trust. You need to trust it will work. 

-----------------

You probably shouldn't forgive others.

Forgiveness is important. 

Through forgiveness we make ourselves vulnerable and we let go of the guilt and shame we feel about the world. 

However that's not to say that forgiveness is perfect. 

The problem is that forgiveness may not solve everything. 

When we forgive, we ultimately purge those awful feelings we have of ourselves. 

Yet forgiveness alone does not provide us with any amount of consolidation over our emotions. 

It cannot drive us to be better, 

It is passive, however often an important first step for many. 

In a lot of ways, forgiveness is quite selfish. 

The problem with forgiveness is that it's a two way street. 


It's placing your trust and 


--------------

Meditation is insurance on future suffering. 

You do it for five minutes, The longer you do it, the most you future proof yoursef.

If you have a poor record of abuse, then 5 minutes isn't an awful lot of time. 


